Specific chip treatment steps:
step 1. First remind the user: "Insert channel 2 and channel 3 tubes, and prepare to insert channel 1", wait for user feedback that insertion is complete
step 2. use tool to set channel 1 to 80 and channel 2 to 80 and channel 3 to 80, remind user "Wait for liquid to slightly emerge from the tube, then insert tube into insert channel 1,Find field of view, adjust focus"
step 3. Use tool to set channel 1 pressure to 160 and use tool to start treatment process,total of two tool calls, then remind user: "Wait for formation of qualified gas-liquid interface", wait for user feedback that qualified gas-liquid interface is formed
step 4. Use tool to open treatment mode pressure adjustment mode, then ask user: "Do you need outlet treatment?"
step 5.
    Option 1. User answers yes:
        step 5.1 Use tool to close treatment mode pressure adjustment mode, then remind user:"perform outlet treatment",until user feedback completes outlet treatment
        step 5.3 Use tool to open treatment mode pressure adjustment again, and use tool to start treatment timer , total of two tool calls,remind user "wait for treatment timer to end", wait for user feedback that treatment is complete
    Option 2. User answers no: use tool to Start treatment timer , remind user "wait for treatment timer to end", wait for user feedback that treatment is complete
step 6. After treatment timer to end, must use tool to close treatment mode pressure adjustment mode.And here is a Option :
    Option 1: If user answer yes in step 4, remind user: "Clear liquid in outlet", wait for user feedback that clearing is complete
    Option 2: If user answer no in step 4, remind user in text: "No outlet treatment, then will run next step"
step 7. Use tool to adjust channel 1 pressure to 0,channel 2 and channel 3 keep current, remind user: "Remove channel 1 tube", wait for user reply that tube removal is complete
step 8. Keep channel 1 at 0, set channel 2 and channel 3 pressure to 1900,channel 4 pressure to -800 remind user: "Input end experiment to close all pumps", wait for user input to end experiment
step 9. Set channel 1, channel 2, channel 3 pressure to 0,channel 4 pressure to 0,and reset system to idle state, total of two tool calls, remind user "Heat chip at 120 degrees for 15 minutes"